As a moderator, I want give up have the "estimate" field filled in automatically if all estimators show the same card, so that I can accept it more quickly.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to see all my camp groups and the events scheduled for each camp group, so that I can notify counselor of what their group will be doing for the day.
As a DeveloperDataWrangler, I want to store my Data Package in GitHub and have it automatically stored into CKAN, so that I get a data API and my dataset is listed in a relevant catalog. 
As a data reuser, I want to examine and identify deposited files, so that I can make a preliminary assessment of usefulness without downloading the whole dataset.
As a UI designer, I want to move on to round 2 of Homepage edits, so that I can get approvals from leadership.
As a Consumer, I want to search based on description of data package, so that that I can find package which related to some key words.
As a site member, I want to describe myself on my own page in a semi-structured way, so that others can learn about me.
As a data librarian, I want to extract pointers from the DMP to metadata held in other systems, so that I can import this metadata into a data catalogue.
As a depositor, I want to mint DOIs for my data, so that it can be discovered and cited more easily and citations can be tracked so that I can receive credit.
As a team member, I want to know when the mid-point checkin is and what will be covered, so that I can plan accordingly.
As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a HTML file, so that I can save the stories and estimates locally.
As a camp worker, I want to be able to see which campers I am in charge of and where, so that I can make sure I am doing my job properly.
As a Staff member, I want to Process the Appeals, so that I can track the outcome and record the impact on the relevant records.
As a user researcher, I want to have a list of priority workflow candidates that we might test, so that I can make sure we're capturing the priority areas.
As a user, I want to view user documentation for the website, so that I know how to use the web app.
As a user, I want access to content files that comprise an object, so that I can decide whether a file is too large to download.
As a Publisher, I want to sign up for an account, so that that I can publish my data package to the registry and to have a publisher account to publish my data package under.
As a data manager, I want to have references to documentation of the data and its creation process, so that the data can be re-used and managed.
As a Consumer, I want to view a publisher's profile, so that that I can see who is behind a particular package or to see what other packages they produce. 
As a Consumer, I want to search among all data packages owned by a publisher, so that that I can easily find one data package amongst all the data packages by this publisher.
As a parent, I want to be able to see and edit my enrolled children to the camp year, so that I can know who I already enrolled to camp, who is still pending admission etc.
As a site editor, I want to set the following dates on a news item: Start Publishing Date, Old News Date, Stop Publishing Date, so that articles are published on and through appropriate dates.
As a administrator, I want to assign a room to a time slot and a location, so that I can populate the schedule .
As a repository owner, I want to be able to check the planned provenance of the data that will be submitted at the end of a project, so that I can calculate necessary submission fees and check whether it belongs to our target group.
As a data reuser, I want to see different versions of a dataset at a glance, so that I can be sure I'm using the right version of the dataset.
As a developer, I want to take a dataset offline, so that I can perform a long-running maintenance or migration procedure.
As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
As a faculty data steward, I want to see the sections on responsibilities, so that I can ensure sufficient expertise on data management to support the project.
As a user, I want to add donation centers as favorites on my profile, so that I can view them later.
As a UI designer, I want to schedule user testing, so that I can give the testers advanced notice to ensure buy-in.
As a data reuser, I want to search the archive through Primo , so that I can search books, articles and data all in one place.
As a site admin, I want to view all classes in a pending state, so that I can approve any that need to be approved.
As a VisualDesigner, I want to concept different styles for the nsf.gov website, so that we can discuss different design concepts with stakeholders.
As a researcher, I want to see the sections on responsibilities submitted by other researchers in my department, so that I can see if we could share data manager posts.
As a moderator, I want to accept the average of all estimates, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
As a researcher, I want to understand the copyright status of the image, so that I know if I can use it.
As a l Staff member, I want to search for Property information, so that I can obtain all associated current and historic owners, permits, and applications.
As a Researcher, I want to be able to save new visualizations, so that I can share them with others or include them in the Data Package. 
As a Cornell faculty member, I want to create a collection for my documents, or my organization's documents, and apply some distinctive branding to that collection, so that I can promote my work, or that of my organization.
As a depositor, I want to place data under an embargo, so that my right of first use is protected, and I can fulfil my confidentiality responsibilities.
As a site admin, I want to see the results for each trainer and averages for the class, so that I can identify any outliers or possible problems.
As a library staff member, I want to include supplementary files such as datasets, slideshows, etc. – with DOIs for each, as needed – when uploading a given work, so that I can provide a robust image of the work in question.
As a faculty data steward, I want to see the sections on costing, so that I can ensure sufficient expertise on data management to support the project.
As a Research Information manager, I want to track citation counts for published datasets, so that impact of datasets within academia can be demonstrated.
As a Bath Data Archive administrator, I want to require a minimum set of metadata, so that consistent quality of metadata is maintained.
As a faculty member, I want to direct students to an item within the repository, so that I can facilitate my teaching (i.e. desires ability to link to content).
As a authenticateduser, I want to update my user profile, so that I can connect with other Drupalists at BADCamp.
As a Trainer, I want to include additional details in my profile page about me, so that others can learn about me and decide if I am the right trainer for them.
As a manager, I want to know about all resources and services used for the data, so that I can estimate the true cost of the project.
As a government Publisher, I want to make it easy to prove that our published data is valid, so that I can claim that we are living up to our transparency commitments. 
As a authenticateduser, I want to use a WYSIWYG editor for all long-form content, so that I don't have to know HTML to update my content.
As a site editor, I want to assign priority numbers to news items, so that I can indicate which articles I want featured most prominently on the site.
As a ResearcherPublisher, I want validate my data with a minimum of clicks, so that I can feel trust in the validity and usefulness of the data. 
As a data manager, I want to know whether the data can be reproduced efficiently, so that I can determine whether and how the data has to be stored.
As a developer, I want to have written a site which is compliant with XHTML and CSS standards, so that as many people as possible can access the site and view it as intended.
As a Developer, I want an SPSS integration, so that I can integrate data-packaged data with pipelines that use SPSS. 
As a site member, I want to download the latest training material and methodology PDFs, so that I have them.
As a site admin, I want to delete any course or event, so that I can remove things that will no longer occur.
As a Developer, I want Feather integration, so that I can integrate data-packaged data with pipelines that use Feather. 
As a site visitor, I want to access old news that is no longer on the home page, so that I can access things I remember from the past or that others mention to me.
As a data manager, I want to know which kind of data types will be produced or collected, so that I can ensure that the necessary technical resources and technical know-how is available.
As a trainingcoordinator, I want to tie in a cancellation deadline to whatever registration / cancellation workflow exists, so that so we don't loose money or spots.
As a site visitor, I want to post comments about articles, so that others can read them.
As a team member, I want to know what the first hypothesis is, so that I can start developing a prototype to test.
As a moderator, I want to see dates and times in my local timezone, so that I don't have to do timezone conversion myself.
As a anonymoususer, I want to have a link on the home page to a list of training options, so that I can take training.
As a administrator, I want to create and maintain venues, so that I can provide location details to help users find what they're looking for.
As a Publisher, I want to be able to provide a visualization of data in the Data Package, so that I can provide my analysis and show my work to users of the data. 
As a site member, I want to fill out an application to become a Certified Scrum Trainer, so that I can teach CSM and CSPO courses and certify others.
As a Publisher, I want to configure my client, so that I can start publishing data packages.
As a CMS administrator, I want to have roles, so that I can assign them to my users.
As a Staff member, I want to Manage Hearing Calendars, so that I can track hearing-related activities and due dates.
As a ResearcherGovernment Publisher, I want to add general reference data to my narrow dataset, so that my dataset is more useful. 
As a site member, I want to search for profiles based on a few fields, so that I can find others I might want to connect with.
As a anonymoususer, I want to receive a notification when sessions have been evaluated, so that I know whether I've been accepted or rejected.
As a CMS SME, I want to see the webmaster workflow report, so that I can understand how this might impact current direction.
As a user, I want to be able to browse through the list of facolities and see which ones are environment-friendly, so that I can know for sure my waste is not going to leave a negative ecological footprint.
As a site visitor, I want to do a full-text search of the FAQs, so that I can find an answer quickly.
As a summit coordinator, I want to list an agenda for my summit, so that I can entice attendees and give positive feedback to presenters to encourage participation.
As a content editor, I want to be able to easily find content, so that I can edit it.
As a publisher, I want to show the world how my published data is, so that that it immediately catches consumer's attention. 
As a site visitor, I want to read a new article on the front page about once a week, so that I am up on all the latest happenings.
As a Consumer, I want to view a data package online, so that I can get a sense of whether this is the dataset I want.
As a library staff member, I want to have customizable metadata fields, so that each project is described in the most accurate way possible.
As a site administrator, I want to read practicing and training applications and approve or reject them, so that only applicants who qualify can become CSPs or CSTs.
As a administrator, I want to create blog posts, so that I can share the latest information about BADCamp with the public.
As a trainer, I want to load an Excel file into the site, so that the course participants are added to the Scrum Alliance records.
As a site member, I want to subscribe to an RSS feed of news, so that I remain sufficiently and easily informed.
As a parent, I want to be able to sign and submit consent forms online, so that I don't have to deal with my child losing a consent form.
As a researcher, I want to extract the description of the data collected, so that I can reuse it for the writing of a data paper.
As a authenticateduser, I want to find a link on the sponsorships page to become a $350 level sponsor, so that I can pay for and become a sponsor role.
As a user, I want to search and discover music by exploiting enriched metadata and image tags, so that I find related artists, new genre, or other relevant listening path.
As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
As a site administrator, I want to set the listing fee per Other Course or Event, so that we have flexibility on what to charge in the future.
As a Developer, I want the data loaded from historical FABS to include the FREC derivations, so that I can have consistent FREC data for USASpending.gov.
As a ResearcherGovernment Publisher, I want to map lines in my dataset using geographic data in my dataset, so that my dataset is more engaging for non-technical users. 
As a Staff member, I want to Send a Formal Response to Applicant, so that I can satisfy communication and records responsibilities.
As a Cornell faculty member, I want to share on the repository files that are larger than 1GB in a way that still allows users to download them if I want to use them, so that I can meet funder requirements.
As a Consumer, I want to search data packages, so that that I can find the ones I want.
As a Staff member, I want to Assign a Hearing Date, so that I can present the application to the appropriate governing body within the timelines dictated by the relevant County rules and procedures.
As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to successfully Conduct a Plan Review Meeting with the Applicant and record the outcome, so that I can listen to it again.
As a Consumer, I want to download a Data package at a particular version, so that that I know it is compatible with my scripts and system.
As a Developer, I want to get a Data Package into Julia in seconds, so that I can start using the data in doing analysis and visualizations. 
As a researcher, I want to store agreements relating to third party data used in a project, so that the data can be cited, attributed and used correctly.
As a Developer, I want to get a Data Package into Node, so that I can start using the data for doing analysis and visualizations.
As a researcher, I want to generate structured citation data, so that so I can cite a file in a publication.
As a anonymoususer, I want to have a training landing page with an intro section and a list of all training offerings and promote call for trainings, so that I can shop for training all with one page and we can have a call for trainings for selection.
As a Repository Manager, I want a tool that makes it easy for researchers/ users to add basic metadata to their research data, so that it is more findable and therefore useful. 
As a anonymoususer, I want to see how many seats are left for the summit, so that I can make sure to register in-time to reserve my spot.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to automatically create nametags for campers, so that I can lower the amount of work I need to do.
As a metadata manager, I want to have a short description of project, so that I can be informed about the metadata description.
As a parent, I want to be able to see which consent forms I have submitted, so that I can know what I still need to do.
As a researcher, I want to contact the author of a work that interests me, so that I can learn more about my research.
As a Publisher, I want to sign up for a given pricing plan, so that that I am entitled to what it allows.
As a sponsor, I want to sponsor a summit that matches my brand, so that I can get exposure to potential customers and otherwise tout my Drupal credentials.
As a Publisher, I want to know what do next after signing up, so that that I can get going quickly.
As a user, I want the publish button in FABS to deactivate after I click it while the derivations are happening, so that I cannot click it multiple times for the same submission.
As a donor representative, I want to supply incremental accruals to new and existing collections, so that material can be transferred on an ongoing basis.
As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
As a data reuser, I want to search the archive through the web, so that I can easily find data relevant to my needs.
As a Consumer, I want to download the data package in one file, so that that I don't have to download descriptor and each resource by hand.
As a CSM, I want to have my name listed in the registry without becoming a member of the site, so that employers or others can verify my certification.
As a FABS user, I want to download the uploaded FABS file, so that I can get the uploaded file.
As a team member, I want to have a schedule of more coworking slots, so that I can work in tandem with the rest of the team on a more regular basis.
As a depositor, I want to track downloads of my data, so that I can demonstrate the impact of my work.
As a researcher, I want to see descriptive metadata for the item whether I come to the item through the repository or directly to the PDF, so that I can correctly identify the source of the content.
As a UI designer, I want to report to the Agencies about user testing, so that they are aware of their contributions to making Broker a better UX.
As a Public User, I want to Search for Information, so that I can obtain publicly available information concerning properties, County services, processes and other general information.
As a recruiter, I want to post a help wanted ad, so that I can attract candidates.
As a researcher, I want to associate meta data to the group as a whole at some point in time after the bulk upload has completed, so that I have a period of time to reflect on suitable values for the meta data.
As a participant, I want to always have the cards in the same order across multiple draws, so that it's easy to compare estimates.
As a trainer, I want to show my rating up on my profile page, so that site visitors can choose wisely.
As a depositor, I want to deposit and maintain datasets through Pure, so that I have a single onestop shop for managing my research outputs.
As a Researcher, I want to be able to translate my EML dataset to a Data Package, so that I can benefit from the wide array of tools available for Data Packages. 
As a Developer, I want to use data package as a node lib in my project, so that that I can depend on it using my normal dependency framework.
As a Developer, I want to get a Data Package into Clojure in seconds, so that I can start using the data in doing analysis and visualizations. 
As a Consumer, I want to know that the data I am downloading is good and can be relied on, so that that I don't have to check it myself or run into annoying bugs later on.
As a user, I want to have a great UI and UX from the sites, so that I have a pleasant experience when navigating through them.
As a Developer, I want to list all DataPackages requirements for my project in the file and pin the exact versions of any DataPackage that my project depends on, so that that the project can be deterministically deployed locally and won't break because of the DataPackage schema changes. 
As a site admin, I want to stop publishing jobs on the site 30 days after being posted, so that jobs that may have been filled aren't still listed when the hiring party forgets to come back and delete the ad.
As a Researcher, I want results to be stored in a non-identifiable way, so that I can study the data to see things like whether estimates converged around the first opinion given by "estimator A" for example.
As a researcher, I want to have the ability to form links between objects, for example File A is an analysis of File B, so that data can be searched by type and by association.
As a researcher, I want to receive a notification if something I request in the reading room or for duplication is already digitized, so that I don't have to put in that request.
As a VisualDesigner, I want to create a moodboard to aid with visual design concepts for the nsf.gov website, so that we can discuss different design concepts with stakeholders.
As a site visitor, I want to be able to get back to the home page quickly and easily, so that I don't get lost navigating.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to modify the information of enrolled campers, so that I can keep the campers information up to date.
As a collection curator, I want to canonically identify authors and creators of my items by unique identifier, so that it's easier to view all of the works by that person together.
As a Cornell faculty member, I want to upload data to the repository and associate it with a publication, so that I receive attribution for my data as well as my publications.
As a participant, I want to see who gave what estimates during the current round, so that I know this when we re discussing the estimates.
As a attendee, I want to register for a summit, so that I can reserve my seat at the summit.
As a site visitor, I want to do a full-text search of article body, title, and author name, so that I can find what I want.
As a moderator, I want to select whether to have the team estimate with {0, 1/2, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, etc.} or {0, 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, etc.}, so that the team can use either the modified Fibonacci sequence or powers of 2.
As a Developer, I want an EPrints integration, so that I can integrate data-packaged data with pipelines that use EPrints. 
As a user, I want to be able to get the hours of each recycling facility, so that I can arrange drop-offs on my off days or during after-work hours.
As a publisher, I want to embed an interactive preview of my data on my site, so that users can be encouraged that this is the correct data for them. 
As a site visitor, I want to be able to read some of your articles, so that I can learn without first joining the site.
As a researcher, I want to be able to search across photo collection images, so that I can prepare presentations.
As a depositor, I want to link datasets with the project DMP, so that compliance with DMP can be demonstrated and whole project workflow is linked together.
As a user, I want to ensure that if reconfiguration of a dataset fails then no changes have taken effect, so that all steps required to reconfigure a dataset must be done as a single atomic action.
As a site administrator, I want to edit any site member profile, so that I can correct problems for members.
As a ProspectiveApplicant, I want to research requirements and to select a service, so that I can find the relevant service and/or application type to initiate via the online portal.
As a workshop attendee, I want to have a summary of what we learned, so that I can understand our next steps and how they apply to me.
As a site editor, I want to create the content of the What Is Scrum section, so that it's there for visitors.
As a user, I want to be able to receive tempting rewards, so that I have a reason to use the website.
As a site visitor, I want to click the link from the article teaser to take me directly to the body of the article. not to another teaser setup, so that I can easily finish the article.
As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
As a participant, I want to have the two-minute timer reset itself as soon as we all play an estimate, so that it's ready for use on the next round.
As a site editor, I want to set start publishing dates, old article date, and stop publishing dates for articles, so that articles appear only during appropriate periods.
As a researcher, I want to indicate where my data will be stored during the project and where after the project, so that it remains accessible during all stages of the data lifecycle.
As a library staff member, I want to receive a quick response and a reasonable resolution to tech support issues, so that service can proceed with minimal interruption.
As a collection curator, I want to map an item or items from one collection to another, so that an item may administratively belong to one collection but could appear in other collections.
As a data manager, I want to know which information is necessary to re-use the data, so that it can be checked whether all necessary information is available for researchers interested in re-using the data.
As a FABS user, I want to have read-only access to DABS, so that I can view DABS pages without wanting two sets of permissions.
As a anonymoususer, I want to register to speak at BADCamp, so that I submit a session.
As a depositor, I want to have a user interface that is familiar to me, so that I feel like all the University systems are joined up.
As a researcher, I want to see common material across collections, so that so I can prepare a comprehensive analysis.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to modify the information of added parents, so that I can keep parent's information up to date.
As a site editor, I want to have a prominent area on the home page where I can put special announcements not necessarily news or articles, so that I can give them additional exposure.
As a parent, I want to be able to create an account, so that I can sign up my kids for camp online.
As a depositor, I want to manage and share  live  research data, so that whole project workflow is linked together.
As a Publisher, I want to have private data packages, so that I can share just with my team.
As a site member, I want to fill out an application to become a Certified Scrum Practitioner, so that I can earn that designation.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to modify tasks/events I scheduled in case there is a change, so that I can always keep the schedule up to date.
As a data librarian, I want to import administrative information regarding a project into DMP, so that I can prepopulate the DMP.
As a Researcher, working with data in NetCDF, I want NetCDF integration, so that I can store my data in plaintext while still retaining its metadata. 
As a Researcher, I want a tool that can generate basic statistics about a dataset, so that I can get a quick preview of the data. 
As a Broker user, I want  to help create content mockups, so that I can submit my data efficiently.
As a site visitor, I want to know as I glance around the home page what on earth a CSM is and why I'd want to be one, so that I read more.
As a Publisher, I want to add type information to my data, so that it is more useful to others and can be used better with tools like visualization programs. 
As a researcher, I want to have a timeline display of multiple data files and their associated images, so that I can compare the data taken from experiments on particular dates.
As a patron, I want to know which reports/datasets are coming out when, so that I can access latest report/dataset.
As a Planning Staff member, I want to Generate Planning-related Reports, so that I can access, analyze and/or export the needed information in the format I requested.
As a camp administrator, I want to keep track of the usage of internal camp facilities, so that I don't create conflicting schedules for the different camp groups.
As a sponsor, I want to personalize my sponsorship page, so that I can promote my brand.
As a Researcher, I want to get a Data Package into Julia in seconds, so that I can start using the data for doing analysis and visualizations. 
As a Consumer, I want to see how active the site is, so that I can decide if I should get involved.
As a attendee, I want to see what summits I'm signed up for, so that I can confirm my attendence and prevent myself from accidentally double-booking with a training or another summit.
As a user, I want a mechanism for electronically sharing papers and notes with other researchers, so that we can collaborate effectively.
As a anonymoususer, I want to find session information, so that I can go to a session.
As a Researcher, I want to get a Data Package into Excel in seconds, so that I can start using the data for doing analysis and visualizations. 
As a repository operator, I want to know about the kind of data, so that I can evaluate the storage size and system.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to see only events for a specific group/groups on the event calendar, so that I can easily read the data on the calendar without too much clutter.
As a team member, I want to meet with DIS / cloud.gov, so that I can determine the requirements for the beta.nsf.gov ATO.
As a ResearcherGovernment Publisher, I want to add reference data on inflation to my spending dataset, so that the spending lines in my dataset is more understandable. 
As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.	As a research support officer, I want to ensure compliance to the funders’ rules, so that I can ensure all costs will be accepted.
As a stakeholder, I want to see the results of user research, so that I can determine if the CMS is right for me.
As a anonymoususer, I want to view a list of sponsors, so that I can thank all the awesome sponsors.
As a Publisher, I want to preview a datapackage I have prepared, so that that I can check it works and share the results.
As a site editor, I want to be able to indicate whether an article is publicly available or for members only, so that visitors are incentivized to become members.
As a team member, I want to determine a design direction for the beta social page, so that we can implement a beta site quickly without established brand guidelines.
As a UI designer, I want to move on to round 3 of the Help page edits, so that I can get approvals from leadership.
As a data manager, I want to know the security requirements of the data, so that I can check whether the data can be kept secure.
As a faculty member, I want to associate files with my scholarly works such that someone accessing the latter also receives access to the former, so that I can deliver the fullest picture of my research.
As a County Staff Member, I want to create a custom query/report outside of the common querying/reporting functionality, so that I can fulfill a request.
As a depositor, I want to deposit arbitrarily large files, so that I am not limited in what files I can and cannot deposit.
As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to store, so that I can ensure it will be possible to store it.
As a site member, I want to mark my profile as private in which case only my name will appear, so that no one can learn things about me I don't want shared.
As a moderator, I want to invite estimators by giving them a URL where they can access the game, so that we can start the game.
As a moderator, I want to select an item to be estimated or re-estimated, so that the team sees that item and can estimate it.
As a site visitor, I want to view a section of the website that teaches me the basics of what Scrum is, so that I can learn that quickly.
As a moderator, I want to get a password reminder by email, so that I can get back to using the application when I've forgotten my password.
As a Staff member, I want to create each condo unit, so that I can associate it to the child parcel and address after the condominiums are recorded in the system.
As a user researcher, I want to set up a website recruitment test, so that I can see if we can recruit users in real time from the website.
As a Data Analyst, I want to compare different versions of some datapackage locally, so that that I can see schema changes clearly and adjust my analytics code to the desired schema version.
As a Research Information manager, I want to include records for externally held data complete, so that the university's record of data holdings is complete.
As a library staff member, I want to upload material to the repository on the author's behalf, so that I can fulfill a service obligation.
As a superuser, I want to update the recycling center information, so that I can provide the latest information about the recycling center.
As a site visitor, I want to have articles that interest me and are easy to get to, so that I come to the site for my agile news and learning.
As a camp administrator, I want to create an avenue so parents can submit feedback and general concerns, so that I can keep improving the services I provide.
As a Researcher, working with data, I want an Microsoft Power BI integration, so that I can import datasets without downloading them locally. 
As a site visitor, I want to see a list of the most popular items on the site, so that I am most likely to read the most important or best content.
As a Planning Staff member, I want to Evaluate Consistency with the Comprehensive Plan, so that I can complete my required review of a plan set and/or application.
As a camp administrator, I want to store campers' emergency information in a database, so that I can easily notify the necessary parties in case of an emergency.
As a moderator, I want to change my account details, so that I can keep my account details up-to-date.
As a site admin, I want to approve each help wanted ad before it gets to the site, so that we're sure of the quality of jobs being listed.
As a Data Analyst, I want to update previously downloaded data package, so that that I can work with the most recent data.
As a data reuser, I want to view an example citation for a dataset, so that I can reference it correctly.
As a developer, I want to deposit and maintain datasets via an API such as SWORD2, so that my service can interact with the archive. 
As a user researcher, I want to begin drafting a research plan, so that I can begin recruiting participants.
As a funder, I want to be able to read the costs for data management from the DMP, so that I can check whether our policies work as intended.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to modify a group's information, so that I can keep the groups up to date.
As a corporatesponsor, I want to make my logo randomly appear on the home page, so that others see the company's support of Scrum.
As a trainer, I want to list my upcoming classes in my profile and include a link to a detailed page about each, so that prospective attendees can find my courses.
As a VisualDesigner, I want to demonstrate the value of visual design to the NSF project team, so that visual design is an integral part of a redesign.
As a Publisher, I want to be warned that a tag exists when I try to overwrite it, so that that I don't accidentally overwrite stable tagged data which is relied on by consumers.
As a parent, I want to be able to track my child's activity and schedule at camp, so that I can have peace of mind.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to assign different positions to the staff members, so that it is possible to organize activities in terms of responsibilities.
As a designer, I want to have a new social media wireframe, so that I can begin implementing design.
As a depositor, I want to attach subject specific discoverability metadata to records, so that researchers in my discipline can find my data more easily.
As a moderator, I want to start a round by entering an item in a single multi-line text field, so that we can estimate it.
As a library staff member, I want to access useful and comprehensive usage statistics and analytics, including altmetrics, at the repository, collection, author, and item level, so that I can assess the results of this service.
As a moderator, I want to estimate a story we estimated earlier in the session again, so that we can give a new estimate if we feel different about the story after estimating other related stories.
As a depositor, I want to deposit the files that I have, so that I don't have to spend a lot of time finding the right version and converting to the right format.
As a DPC, I want events to be created when a publication is published and unpublished, who did it, comment, so that I can record when and why something was made unavailable.  
As a superuser, I want to view users' stats, so that I can view in real-time how many users have visited my recycling center information and their recyclable waste.
As a researcher, I want to share a link to a file on social media, so that so I can show other people an interesting thing I found.
As a Publisher, I want to unpublish a data package, so that it is no longer visible to anyone.
As a site visitor, I want to subscribe to an RSS feed of articles, so that I can read them without visiting the site.
As a trainer, I want to delete one of my courses or events, so that it's no longer listed if I cancel for some reason.
As a developer, I want to have the application function correctly in Internet Explorer 6 and 7, Firefox 1.5 and 2, and Safari 2, so that as many people as possible can fully use the application.
As a researcher, I want to order copies of photos, so that I can use them in a publication.
As a library staff member, I want to trace the list of revisors to determine who uploaded an item to the repository, so that I can confirm that proper procedures were followed.
As a researcher, I want to access tagged working papers, so that my research process is better informed.
As a trainer, I want to edit my training node myself, so that the training coordinators don't have to and links to slides.
As a authenticateduser, I want to view the job board, so that I can look for an interesting Drupal gig!.
As a library staff member, I want to create a collection, sometimes with custom metadata fields, so that I can house digital material for wider distribution.
As a UI designer, I want to redesign the Resources page, so that it matches the new Broker design styles.
As a trainer, I want to copy one of my courses or events, so that I can create a new one.
As a moderator, I want to delete my account, so that account information and games are no longer stored.
As a site administrator, I want to understand how other similar organizations are handling content, so that I can make informed decisions about what appears to work well and what doesn't.
As a data manager, I want to know which formats are used, so that I know what technology or background information might be necessary to use the data.
As a developer, I want to attend some UI/UX lessons, so that I can develop an awesome and beautiful features website.
As a Cornell faculty member, I want to upload data and provide a cut and paste formatted citation for people who use it, so that I receive proper attribution for my work.
As a Staff member, I want to Perform a Completeness Review, so that I can validate when an application is complete and eligible for further technical review.
As a library staff member, I want to create custom metadata fields for certain collections, and allow searching of those fields, so that I can best reflect and deliver diverse content.
As a ResearcherPublisher, I want an integration with Zenodo, so that when I store my dataset in GitHub, I don’t have to retype descriptive information about my dataset. 
As a camp counselor, I want to be able to take attendance of my assigned kids, so that I can make ensure everybody is accounted for.
As a Publisher, I want to publish a dataset, so that I can share the dataset publicly with everyone.
As a Researcher, I want to get my Excel spreadsheet into a Data Package, so that I can benefit from better tooling and standardization. 
As a moderator, I want to log in using my account name and password, so that I can start using the application.
As a ResearcherPublisher, I want to know that my data conforms to its Data Package profile, so that I can feel trust in the validity and usefulness of the data. 
As a faculty member, I want to maintain versioning of Extension brochures, FAQs, etc., so that only the most current are used/adapted by other CCE Educators in their work.
As a researcher, I want to search within a repository or collection in an effective manner, including searching within subsets of a given collection, so that I can facilitate my use of the collection.
As a depositor, I want to deposit and maintain datasets through a simple web interface, so that I don't need to install and learn new software to deposit.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to schedule tasks/activities for a specific camp group, so that I can track each groups daily/weekly and monthly activities.
As a site visitor, I want to see a list of all upcoming Other Courses and can page through them if necessary, so that I can choose the best course for me.
As a researcher, I want to promote/share my work through interactive maps, so that I can display the range and extent of my work graphically.
As a Publisher, I want to data to be validated when I publish it, so that that I know immediately if I have accidentally broken my data or have bugs and can take action to correct.
As a site member, I want to send an email to any member via a form, so that we can connect.
As a PI, I want to know how secure data is, so that I can ensure legal compliance.
As a legalofficer, I want to know about data sensitivity, so that I can establish sharing options.
As a user, I want to have that my Twitter Tweets to appear in Neurohub, so that other researchers in the centre can see what I am up to.
As a repository manager, I want to have metadata in additional languages, so that I can allow for multilingual data archive.
As a Researcher, I want to get a Data Package into STATA in seconds, so that I can start using the data for doing analysis and visualizations. 
As a team member, I want to have a prioritized list of features and elements of a future social element page, so that I can work with the engineers to determine feasibility.
As a data manager, I want to know how the data is used, so that I can develop more detailed usage and support scenarios with researchers.
As a site administrator, I want to create an Other Course or Event that is not charged a listing fee, so that the Scrum Alliance doesn't charge itself for Scrum Gatherings that it puts on.
As a Consumer, I want to see some example data packages quickly, so that I get a sense of what is on this site and if it is useful to look further.
As a designer, I want to know what early indications of hypotheses might be, so that I can start planning for the first prototype.
As a Publisher, I want to be able to get access to a previous version I tagged, so that that I can return to it and review it. 
As a Practitioner, I want to include additional details about me in my profile page, so that I can showcase my experience.
As a faculty member, I want to upload my scholarly work to the repository, so that I can have a persistent URL that can be used for my personal web page and CV.
As a camp administrator, I want to be quickly log attendance everyday, so that I can track which kids are coming in.
As a researcher, I want to know the date on which something was digitized, so that I know if it's been digitized since I last looked.
As a researcher, I want to ask a question about a specific file, so that I can find out more information.
As a Consumer, I want to browse and find publishers, so that that I can find interesting publishers and their packages.
As a moderator, I want to import stories from a spreadsheet, so that I don't have to copy and paste each individual story.
As a sponsor, I want to link BADCamp attendees to my sponsorship page, so that I can show off our level of attendance.
As a Staff member, I want to Prepare for and Support Hearing Execution, so that I can ensure all pre-hearing requirements are satisfied and staff and Applicant are ready for the hearing.
As a Developer, I want a Mongo integration, so that I can integrate data-packaged data with pipelines that use Mongo. 
As a data reuser, I want to get a persistent URL for a dataset, so that I can get back to the data in future.
As a developer, I want to have created database indexes, so that the queries run as fast as possible.
As a user, I want to have a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
As a consumer, I want to view the data package, so that that I can get a sense of whether I want this dataset or not.
As a stakeholder, I want to have references to the project proposal, so that I can look up further general information.
As a funder, I want to know how secure data is, so that I can ensure legal compliance.
As a researcher, I want to request analog versions of digital objects, so that I can view them in the reading room.
As a data user, I want to see the office names derived from office codes, so that I can have appropriate context for understanding them.
As a user researcher, I want to make sure the correct NSF people are invited to user interviews, so that they can observe the interviews and make recommendations accordingly.
As a data manager, I want to document all rights necessary for managing the data, so that I can curate and preserve the data.
As a team member, I want to have a prototype strategy, so that I understand how we will gain understandings from tests that will drive recommendations.
As a user researcher, I want to have the finalized OLPA task script, so that I can begin testing with internal users.
As a PI, I want to know who owns the data, so that I know what I am allowed to do with it.
As a Website user, I want to access published FABS files, so that I can see the new files as they come in.
As a Postgraduate Convenor, I want to receive regular summary reports of research data, so that I understand trends in data use among staff and postgraduate students.
As a site administrator, I want to set the annual fees for members, Practitioners and Trainers, so that fees can be set without involving a programmer.
As a PI, I want to properly record all metadata, so that I can ensure proper running of the project in case of staff changes.
As a developer, I want to access an API from the website, so that I can integrate it and implement certain features in my own iOS application.
As a anonymoususer, I want to learn about sponsorship levels, so that I can determine the right level of sponsorship for my organization.
As a pipeline designer, I want to get a meaningful error message when pipeline creation fails when I use an existing dataset as a sink or source, so that I know that the schema or any other property of the dataset is incompatible with what the pipeline requires. 
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to add parents, so that they can enroll their kids at camp.
As a participant, I want to be able to change my estimate up until the last person selects a card and all are shown, so that I can change my mind based on information I hear.
As a publisher, I want to be able to check that every time I update my data it is still good, so that I can catch errors early and store reliable data. 
As a researcher, I want to search using structured data, so that I can find everything relevant to my inquiry across collections.
As a Research Information manager, I want to integrate the archive with CRIS, so that I can analyse impact of research data publication I can link funding to all of the outputs it produces.
As a Zoning Staff member, I want to Process the Requests for Zoning Information, so that I can capture my response to the request in the system and also send a communication from the system to the Applicant.
As a library staff member, I want to be able to tell the researchers I'm helping with DMPs that Cornell has a repository system I can use for archiving and sharing results of their research, so that I can easily meet the needs of funder DMP requirements.
As a data manager, I want to know which kind of data types will be produced or collected, so that I can determine what basic support services and functionalities are required.
As a user researcher, I want to continue scheduling interviews for hypothesis #1, so that I can be prepared to test our first prototype.
As a user, I want to be able to use Unicode, so that I can use any language I like.
As a user, I want to click on the address, so that it takes me to a new tab with Google Maps.
As a company, I want to have a website that is easy to use, so that I can upload or delete stuff step by step.
As a library staff member, I want to create collections which highlight rare, archival, or endangered material, so that I can preserve and provide access to this material.
As a authenticateduser, I want to submit a session at BADCAMP, so that I can get my session evaluated.
As a site admin, I want to be emailed whenever a job is submitted, so that I am aware of it and can decide if I want to post it.
As a moderator, I want to add an item to the list of items to be estimated, so that so that we can be flexible and accommodate situations where we think of a new story while playing.
As a company, I want to join the Scrum Alliance by paying a corporate membership fee, so that I can show the company's support of Scrum.
As a Consumer, I want to download a DataPackage's data one coherent SQLite database, so that that I can get it easily in one form.
As a anonymoususer, I want to sign up for the BADCamp newsletter, so that I can stay up to date with the latest communications about BADCamp.
As a site visitor, I want to view a course I can click on the trainer's name and be taken to the trainer's profile, so that I can read more about a trainer before registering for a course.
As a researcher, I want to know which topics are mandatory and similar in all DMPs, so that I can save time through quickly writing it.
As a ResearcherPublisher, I want to understand the ways in which my data is invalid, so that I can know how to fix it. 
As a user, I want to be able to check transaction history and keep a record of it, so that I can go back when needed.
As a user researcher, I want to conduct a user definition workshop with NSF, so that I can better prepare them and the team for future research work.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to upload consent forms, so that campers or their parents can easily access the forms.
As a participant, I want to change my estimate as long as the draw has not been completed, so that I can change my mind.
As a Customer, I want to Request Inspection, so that a County inspector is assigned to perform an inspection of my project.
As a Staff member, I want to Track  the Draft Proffers, so that I can preserve the history of draft proffer statements submitted by the Applicant.
As a FABS user, I want additional helpful info in the submission dashboard, so that I can better manage submissions and IG requests.
As a corporatesponsor, I want to display my logo on a corporate sponsors page, so that others see the company's support of Scrum.
As a researcher, I want to develop the user research protocol for internal workflows, so that we can begin testing against a CMS prototype.
As a data manager, I want to know with which software or technology the data is produced or used, so that I know what technology or background information might be necessary to (re-)use the data.
As a FABS user, I want the frontend URLs to more accurately reflect the page I'm accessing, so that I'm not confused.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to delete tasks/activities I scheduled, so that I can keep the schedule clean of unneeded activities.
As a researcher, I want to have remote access to my data for off-site working , so that I can still work effectively while away from the lab.
As a Researcher, I want an integration with https://data.mendeley.com/, so that I can validate my data upon ingest to the service.
As a moderator, I want to invite up to 15 estimators, so that we can play with large but not immense teams.
As a site editor, I want to maintain a FAQ section, so that support gets fewer easily answered questions.
As a anonymoususer, I want to See a list of attendees associated with this company, so that I know who from this sponsor organization is attending.
As a administrator, I want to mark a session as accepted, so that I can populate the schedule .
As a anonymoususer, I want to view a list of user profiles, so that I know who is attending the conference.
As a CSM, I want to be charged a fee once I am approved for Practitioner status, so that my certification status can be activated.
As a Researcher, I want an app that create proxy Data Packages for well know and reliable data, sources, so that I can load high quality data using Data Package tooling. 
As a user, I want to have the application respond quickly to my actions, so that I don't get bored.
As a authenticateduser, I want to edit my session, so that if I make a mistake, I can correct it.
As a data manager, I want to know what the content of the data is, so that I can check whether the necessary expertise for maintaining intellectual reusability is available.
As a anonymoususer, I want to have the training options clearly marked for the following information: day and time of training, title, short summary, trainers, level, number of registrations, remaining registrations, location of training, link to full details of the training, register now link, so that I can shop for training all with one page AND find their class on on one page.
As a moderator, I want to browse through previous games, so that I can find the previous game I m looking for.
As a Developer, I want to prevent users from double publishing FABS submissions after refreshing, so that there are no duplicates.
As a site visitor, I want to see new content when I come to the site, so that I come back more often.
As a Consumer, I want to view a Datapackage at a particular version online, so that that I can present/discuss the particular data timeslice of interest with other people.
As a anonymoususer, I want to learn about posting jobs as a sponsor and contact the sponsorship person, so that I have the opportunty to post my job listing on the BADCamp site.
As a data manager, I want to have the description of collected data sets that are used or updated throughout the project lifecycle, so that I can ensure the descriptions are current and add detail as the study proceeds.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to delete campers from the database, so that I can keep my pages free of clutter.
As a anonymoususer, I want to see the final list of sessions approved, so that I can see what's going on at BADCamp .
As a Researcher, I want an app that generates an OpenRefine reconciliation API endpoint from a Tabular Data Package, so that I can use it to clean messy data. 
As a researcher, I want to receive updates when new works are published in a given collection or by a given author, so that I can discover more of their work.
As a content designer, I want to develop a better understanding of NSF's content types and editorial plan, so that I can make more informed recommendations going forward.
As a researcher, I want to access educational outreach materials, so that I can make connections with institutions.
As a user, I want to be able to select different types of recyclable waste, so I have and get a list of facilities that accept each type and their opening hours, so that I can find an optimal route and schedule.
As a student, I want to learn who at Cornell has or is engaged in research related to a particular topic, so that I can find an appropriate advisor, choose which courses to enroll in, and identify work/internship opportunities.
As a Bath Data Archive administrator, I want to approve scheduled disposal of data, so that data which is still required is not destroyed.
As a researcher, I want to have any data that I have written to the VRE to be protected from modification or deletion, so that original data can always be traced back to an experiment and a point in time.
As a Consumer, I want to see a publisher's profile, so that that I can discover their packages and get a sense of how active and good they are.
As a trainer, I want to read information of relevance only to trainers, so that the Scrum Alliance can share information with me easily.
As a Cornell faculty member, I want to login remotely to the repository using Shibboleth, so that I can get remote access to Cornell campus-only content.
As a camp administrator, I want to provide bi-weekly feedback to camper's parents, so that they can be aware of their child's behavior and performance at camp.
As a site visitor, I want to see a list of all upcoming Events, so that I can decide if I want to attend any.
As a depositor, I want to deposit and maintain datasets through Virtual Research Environments and other workflow tools, so that I can continue to work with tools with which I'm familiar.
As a trainer, I want to create an Other Course or Event I am charged a listing fee for that activity, so that I don't list events I don't really intend to hold.
As a sponsor, I want to Link to my sponsorship profile from my job listings, so that recruits can learn more about my organization.
As a user, I want to have a spreadsheet hosted within the Neurohub Web page, so that I can edit and calculate costs collaboratively with others while working on the proposal.
As a site visitor, I want to read current news on the home page, so that I stay current on agile news.
As a faculty member, I want to recommend a digital collection be built in the repository, so that I can assist in my research.
As a Visitor, I want to sign up via github or google, so that that I don't have to enter lots of information and remember my password for yet another website.
As a Developer, I want to get a Data Package into C++ in seconds, so that I can start using the data in doing analysis and visualizations. 
As a publisher, I want to embed a preview button on my site, so that users can preview the data and be encouraged that this is the correct data for them.
As a Researcher, I want to get a Data Package into R in seconds, so that I can start using the data for doing analysis and visualizations. 
As a trainer, I want to have a view that is attached to their training node that shows all attendee information Trainers can see all class attendance at first because there are so little trainers and they are trusted with privacy, so that the training coordinator doesn't have to do all the work to get login info for environment setup.
As a library staff member, I want to deliver streaming media from within the repository, so that I can deliver such content in the manner expected and ensure continued access to said content.
As a trainingcoordinator, I want to have an admin view that helps track registration status for each attendee so that, so that we can see if attendend, refunded, no show.
As a participant, I want to be able start a two-minute countdown timer that all participants can see, so that I can limit the time spent discussing the estimates when I think we ve talked long enough.
As a developer, I want to have the subdomain beta.nsf.gov be set up, so that I can deploy a beta site to it.
As a researcher, I want to have accurate cross-collection citation information, so that I can find materials again.
As a researcher, I want to have the ability to select a partially pre-populated template that already contains commonly entered meta data while adding new data to the system, so that I do not waste time repeatedly inserting the same meta data over and over again for each individual file or log book entry.
As a site member, I want to mark my email address as private even if the rest of my profile is not, so that no one can contact me.
As a researcher, I want to download a file, so that I can use it for research without having to come to the reading room.
As a stakeholder, I want to know when the data management plan was created or updated, so that I know how up-to-date the plan is or whether it needs to be updated.
As a Consumer, I want to see how much the data has been downloaded, so that that I can choose most popular in the case when there are several alternatives for my use case.
As a Plan Review Staff Member, I want to Review the Code Modifications submitted by the Applicant, so that I can review the request and if approved, associate it with the appropriate project.
As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
As a Publisher, I want to publish a data package in the UI, so that that it is available and published.
As a library staff member, I want to upload an item to the repository that will only become visible after a specific embargo period has expired, so that I can comply with author or publisher requirements.
As a moderator, I want to see all items we try to estimate this session, so that I can answer questions about the current story such as "does this include ___".
As a anonymoususer, I want to see the schedule, so that I can plan my day and figure out where to go!.
As a Cornell faculty member, I want to be notified if someone downloads any of my items or files, so that I can follow usage and see what others are most interested in reading.
As a Staff member, I want to Perform a Staff Review, so that I can validate compliance of an application with the Zoning Ordinance and impact approval/denial of the application accordingly.
As a trainee, I want to see which trainings I have signed up for, so that they can schedule their event experience.
As a user researcher, I want to know when outreach to lists is successful, so that I can plan on a new release to the next listserv on the priority list.
As a researcher, I want to know how many resources are needed during the project, so that I can calculate costs.
As a depositor, I want to allow my collaborators privileged access to datasets, so that we continue to have a productive relationship.
As a Consumer, I want to be notified of changes to a package I care about, so that that I can check out what has changed and take action.
As a Bath Data Archive administrator, I want to make some checks on deposited datasets before they are made public, so that consistent quality of metadata is maintained, compliance with policies can be checked and details of licensing can be checked.
As a participant, I want to immediately see that an estimate has been given by a specific estimator, so that I know who has already given an estimate and who we re still waiting for.
As a librarydiscoveryoperator, I want to harvest useful metadata from the repository via OAI, and continue to do so incrementally, so that I can make Cornell publications discoverable in my repository.
As a Developer , I want to determine the best way to load historical FPDS data, so that I can load all FPDS data since 2007.
As a site visitor, I want to see a trainer's rating, so that I choose a course from an appropriate trainer.
As a library staff member, I want to make digital items held in trusted external system searchable within our system, so that I can provide seamless access to disparate collections.
As a team member, I want to know when meetings are, so that I can plan accordingly.
As a depositor, I want to allow others to deposit on my behalf, so that I can delegate research data management tasks appropriately.
As a Publisher, I want to import my data package into the registry, so that my data has a permanent online home to access. 
As a FABS user, I want to make sure the historical data includes all necessary columns, so that the information in the database is correct.
As a Technical Staff member, I want to update the GIS Property Management, so that I can successfully update the transactional Parcel Pin to reference the GIS layer where the Split or Merged Parcel Pin exists.
As a repository support team member, I want to rename a collection, so that I can fulfill the collection owner's request.
As a researcher, I want to have physiology images to be annotated with standard meta data, so that my data can later be searched for and understood.
As a Developer, I want D Files generation requests to be managed and cached, so that duplicate requests do not cause performance issues.
As a faculty member, I want to easily collect my publications -- both those within the repository and without -- into a single online access point, so that I can raise the profile of my work.
As a participant, I want to have a small thumbnail photo displayed near where my cards are played, so that the game is more personal because I see who I'm estimating with.
As a summit coordinator, I want to list sponsors for my summit, so that I can make sure sponsors feel rewarded and will be interested in sponsoring in future years.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to keep my information in one place, so that the admins next year can improve on the previous years.
As a developer, I want an DSpace integration, so that I can integrate data-packaged data with pipelines that use Dspace. 
As a moderator, I want to create an account for the application by entering my name, email address, a password and a username, so that I can start using the application.
As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
As a funder, I want to be able to check all the repositories mentioned in a DMP, so that I can verify whether the project has followed our funding rules.
As a Consumer, I want to load a Data Package from R, so that that I can immediately start playing with it.
As a trainee, I want to add to "my schedule" if there is a schedule feature on the site, so that they can schedule their event experience.
As a company accountant, I want to view all available activity fees online, so that I can easily create a bill statement.
As a administrator, I want to tag my blog posts for consumption by Drupal Planet, so that they will be listed on the Drupal Planet blog.
As a researcher, I want to record my intention to share data I have collected under terms of a particular licence, so that other researchers who use the data understand the rights of use.
As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Assign Plans for Review, so that I can ensure plans have been assigned to the appropriate Plan Reviewer.
As a Developer, I want to add the GTAS window data to the database, so that I can ensure the site is locked down during the GTAS submission period.
As a moderator, I want to show all estimates immediately, so that I can decide to show the estimates that have been given even though not all estimators have given their estimate.
As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
As a data reuser, I want to view a DOI for a dataset, so that I can get back to the data in future and I can import the dataset into my referencemanagement software automatically.
As a trainer, I want to see the upcoming courses are what I want visitors to notice, so that they register and there's a benefit to my membership.
As a moderator, I want to edit an item in the list of items to be estimated, so that I can make it better reflect the team's understanding of the item.
As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
As a administrator, I want to bulk approve sessions as accepted, so that I can save time.
As a research facility manager, I want to deposit data from my facility directly into the archive on behalf of researchers, so that I am no longer required to maintain my own archive of facility data and researchers can access their own data as needed. 
As a anonymoususer, I want to see specific details on summits, so that I can learn more about the summit I'm interested in to see if it matches my interests, register for the event, and get day-of knowledge to help me get to the location.
As a UI designer, I want to track the issues that come up in Tech Thursday, so that I know what to test and what want s to be fixed.
As a research head, I want to access to the persistent identifiers of datasets provided in the DMP, so that I can check that the DMP has been implemented.
As a researcher, I want to search OCRed text in all available digitized textual documents, so that I can more efficiently locate digitized documents relevant to my research.
As a site visitor, I want to email news items to the editor, so that they can be considered for publication.
As a recruiter, I want to be able to extend an ad for another 30 days by visiting the site and updating the posting, so that my ad remains active.
As a Publisher, I want to use a publish command to update a data package that is already in the registry, so that it appears there.
As a authenticateduser, I want to identify myself as and pay for a $350 company sponsorship, so that I can easily become a sponsor at this level without having to interface with badcamp personnel to get a sponsorship.
As a recyclingfacility, I want to be able to communicate directly with the site admin and convey any issues or concerns I have, so that they fix them.
As a Mike, I want to be able to see some metrics on use of the game, so that I can see how much it is being used.
As a authenticateduser, I want to Enter payment information and have my card charged for an individual sponsorship, so that I can pay for an individual sponsorship.
As a developer, I want to use bootstrap in the process of developing, so that I can easily design my website.
As a depositor, I want to manage multiple versions of the same dataset, so that changes to the dataset are transparent and do not compromise research integrity.
As a Cornell faculty member, I want to associate a researcherID or ORCID with a submission, so that there is no ambiguity between my work and someone else with the same name.
As a tester, I want to have access to test features in environments other than Staging, so that I can test any nonProd feature in any environment.
As a Staff member, I want to Manage Approved Proffers, so that I can ensure compliance with and satisfaction of the proffer in the future.
As a trainingcoordinator, I want to email all the trainers at once from the website for info and updates, so that It is easier to use.
As a Planning Staff member, I want to Conduct and Track Plan Amendments and Planning Studies, so that I can record work in process, outcome, and location-based information related to the Plan(s).
As a user, I want to view all locations of recycling centers on a map, so that I can check which routes to take to drop off waste.
As a user researcher, I want to have the WIG prototype, so that I can finalize the second task script.
As a parent, I want to be able to enroll my children, so that they can be admitted to camp.
As a site administrator, I want to understand how other similar organizations are handling visual design, so that I can make informed decisions about what appears to work well and what doesn't.
As a researcher, I want to see the sections on roles submitted by other researchers in my department, so that I can see if we could share data manager posts.
As a Publisher, I want to tag datapackage to create a snapshot of data on the registry server, so that that consumers can refer to it.
As a user, I want to be able to create an acocunt, so that I can create my own profile.
As a web recruiter manager, I want to confirm the recruiter is set up and working properly, so that I can deploy it on more pages.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to delete parents from the database, so that I can keep my pages free of unneeded clutter.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to create groups and add campers to the groups, so that I can easily organize the campers.
As a Publisher, I want to be able to overwrite the previously tagged datapackage, so that that I can fix it if I mess up.
As a rector, I want to know how many data will be stored, so that I can plan long term resources.
As a site member, I want to view the profiles of other members, so that I can find others I might want to connect with.
As a UI designer, I want to begin user testing, so that I can validate stakeholder UI improvement requests.
As a fundingbody, I want to harvest metadata on outputs from research I fund, so that I can analyse effectiveness of funding strategy and I can encourage cross fertilisation of research outputs.
As a user, I want to upload my week's schedule, so that I can get recommendations for recycling centers that best fit my availability.
As a Developer , I want my domain models to be indexed properly, so that I can get validation results back in a reasonable amount of time.
As a Publisher, I want to be able to restore the deleted data package via cli, so that that it is back visible and available to view, download.
As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
As a student, I want to learn who at Cornell has or is engaged in research related to a particular topic, so that I can decide if I would like to pursue studies/research at Cornell.
As a designer, I want to have a style guide / design guide / content guide, so that we have a uniform way of delivering product.
As a anonymoususer, I want to read the blog, so that I can stay informed about all the latest happenings with BADCamp.
As a researcher, I want to link research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
As a trainee, I want to limit to one registration per day per authenticated user, so that we don't have duplicate spaces.
As a Publisher, I want to know if this site has a pricing plan and what the prices are, so that that I can work out what this will cost me in the future and have a sense that these guys are sustainable. 
As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
As a user, I want to have my personal information kept securely in the database of the website, so that I will not suffer from identity theft or telephone harassment.
As a Cornell faculty member, I want to see clearly what reuse rights I have to files discovered in the repository, so that I know how I can reuse them.
As a team member, I want to have a high-level sense of the project timeline, so that I can plan my work.
As a moderator, I want to copy/paste stories from a spreadsheet, so that I can get started more quickly.
As a user, I want to be able to anonymously view public information, so that I know about recycling centers near me before creating an account.
As a Broker user, I want the D1 file generation to be synced with the FPDS data load, so that I don't have to regenerate a file if no data has been updated.
As a Developer, I want an Elasticsearch integration, so that I can integrate data-packaged data with pipelines that use Elasticsearch. 
As a researcher, I want to stay up to date on research related to a given topic at Cornell, including those in other departments/schools, so that my own research remains relevant and innovative.
As a researcher, I want to have the system to provide standard metadata, that all researchers in the centre (and beyond) can use, so that we can better understand each others' data.
As a site editor, I want to post information in a trainers-only section, so that only trainers see it.
As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
As a anonymoususer, I want to easily find a link in the menu that links to the registration form, so that I can easily register for the camp.
As a developer, I want an online service that is connected to my data repository that validates data on update, so that I can delegate data validation to a third party. 
As a trainer, I want to be assured that no one can submit the same answers multiple time and skew my results, so that my ratings are accurate.
As a depositor, I want to apply licenses to datasets, so that my IP rights are protected appropriately.
As a donor representative, I want to see thumbnails of images, so that I can select which one I want.
As a Cornell faculty member, I want to easily assign a CC license to the files I are depositing, so that users know how the materials can be used.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to schedule activities for campers, so that camp workers can easily keep track of who is where at all times.
As a recyclingfacility representative, I want to be able to update my information and the type of material I accept, so that I can avoid any miscommunication with users.
As a faculty member, I want to upload my scholarly work to the repository, so that I can reach a non-academic audience, expand my influence within my academic community, and use it for teaching.
As a researcher, I want to discover items in the repository through the library's discovery system and Google, so that I can facilitate my easy use of the content.
As a site member, I want to scroll through a listing of jobs, so that I can see if there any I am interested in.
As a library staff member, I want to preserve the scholarship of the law school by using sustainable links that will not succumb to link rot, so that I can create a permanent digital archive for the scholarship of my institution.
As a researcher, I want to share reports I've written, so that it is available to staff and researchers.
As a visitor, I want to download presentations, PDFs, etc. on Scrum, so that I can learn from them or use them.
As a Publisher, I want to know how many users have previewed a dataset, so that I know how interest in a dataset relates to its actual download numbers. 
As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
As a developer, I want to know what the three initial hypotheses are, so that I can plan work around development of prototypes.
As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
As a parent, I want to see which counselors are assigned to my kids, so that I can have peace of mind.
As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
As a site visitor, I want to see a list of all upcoming Certification Courses and can page through them if there are a lot, so that I can choose the best course for me.
As a Consumer, I want to be able to get the data for a data package even if the original data has been moved or removed, so that that I can still use is and my app or analysis keeps working.
As a Developer , I want to be able to log better, so that I can troubleshoot issues with particular submissions and functions.
As a Staff member, I want to Develop a Staff Report, so that I can publish and distribute the report according to business rules.
As a site editor, I want to be able to designate whether or not an ever makes the home page, so that the best content is featured most prominently.
As a Publisher, I want to permanently delete a data package, so that that it no longer takes up storage space.
As a Research Information manager, I want to have datasets linked to metadata about projects, so that I can report on projects depositing datasets in relation to funder requirements.
As a anonymoususer, I want to see a list of the sessions associated with sponsor attendees, so that I know where I can engage with this sponsor and where they are thought leaders.
As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Track the Completion of Required Plan Reviews, so that I can ensure all plan review tasks are completed, results have been sent to the Applicant and any downstream steps are initiated such has a final review or payment for permit issuance.
As a Publisher, I want to version my Data Package and keep multiple versions around including older versions, so that that I do not break consumer systems when I change my datapackage.
As a data manager, I want to know whether the collected data depends on other data sets from my own or other institutions, so that I can ensure that these dependencies are maintained.
As a Developer, I want a DAT integration, so that I can integrate data-packaged data with pipelines that use DAT. 
As a researcher, I want to keyword search across all of an RF program officer's scanned diaries, rather than having to search each scanned diary segment separately, so that I can more efficiently locate diary entries relevant to my research.
As a team member, I want to have recruiting-email templates ready to go, so that I can start recruiting interviewees ASAP!.
As a developer, I want to have a list of definitions for commonly used terms, so that everyone working on the project can understand each other more easily.
As a Staff member, I want to Manage Affidavits, so that I can ensure compliance with the requirements prior to the hearing.
As a researcher, I want to download reports, so that I can use them in immediate and future in talks and articles.
As a broker user, I want the historical FABS loader to derive fields, so that my agency codes are correct in the PublishedAwardFinancialAssistance table.
As a anonymoususer, I want to have a dedicated page for each class to learn more about the offering The following information must be shown: Logo, title, trainers, location, possibly a map view, datetime, skill level, registrations remaining, link to register for class. The URL path should be SEO friendly /training/training-title, so that I can choose the right class, AND the trainer can tweet and promote their class.
As a researcher, I want to share post-experiment write-ups with other researchers, so that others can more easily replicate my work.
As a participant, I want to scroll back through the stories and estimates from prior rounds, so that I can use this information when I estimate the item of the current round.
As a Publisher, I want to validate the data I am about to publish to the registry, so that that I publish good data and know that I am doing.
As a ResearcherPublisher, I want to add a DOI to a dataset, so that I can cite it in papers stored  with the data. 
As a depositor, I want to link to data stored in external repositories, so that I can store my data in an appropriate repository but still register it with the University and I don't have to deposit my data in multiple places.
As a Director of Research Integrity, I want to access reports containing details of research projects in which data are classified as sensitive or highly sensitive, so that I can confirm security protocols are applied to these data.
As a Web Developer, I want to be able to install multiple versions of the same datapackage separately, so that that all my projects could be developed independently and deployed locally.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to keep track of which camper submitted which forms, so that legal issues are avoided.
As a Staff member, I want to Remove a Hold, so that I can allow progression through the workflow or other actions in the system now that the issue has been resolved.
As a ResearcherPublisher, I want to specify the funding that contributed to the creation of a given dataset, so that funding agencies can identify the funding, source for a given dataset. 
As a user, I want to see sensible and predictable URLs, so that the application feels logical and transparent.
As a researcher, I want to know when only part of a folder has been digitized, so that I know if I am seeing everything or only a portion.
As a UI designer, I want to move on to round 2 of DABS or FABS landing page edits, so that I can get approvals from leadership.
As a Cornell faculty member, I want to upload a data file and put a CC-By or CC0 license on it, so that my licensing desires are clearly stated.
As a DeveloperPublisher, I want a tool to create an embeddable data summary via iframe, so that I can embed data summaries across sites. 
As a Staff member, I want to Assign an Application for Detailed Review, so that I can review the for compliance and subsequently approved or denied.
As a library staff member, I want to preserve both the content and the metadata within the repository in a robust manner, so that I can provide stable, long-term access to this material.
As a researcher, I want to see the sections on costing by other researchers in my department, so that I can see if we could share data manager posts.
As a anonymoususer, I want to see a list of all the summits, so that I can determine which summit I might be interested and able to attend.
As a FABS user, I want to link the SAMPLE FILE on the "What you want  to submit" dialog to point to the correct file, so that I have an accurate reference for my agency submissions.
As a site visitor, I want to know as soon as I visit what on earth Scrum is and why it needs an alliance, so that I don't bounce immediately oﬀ the page.
As a RepositoryManagerResearcher, I want an app that acts as a match-making service for packaging data, so that owners are paired with data packagers. 
As a stakeholder, I want to have files adequately described, so that I can successfully render them in my contemporary operating environment.
As a FABS user, I want the language on FABS pages to be appropriate for me, so that I am not confused.
As a site editor, I want to update any course or event, so that I can fix things the original author hasn't.
As a anonymoususer, I want to find out where the coding lounge is and what time it is open, so that I can code with my friends.
As a authenticateduser, I want to Be offered several choices of idividual sponsorship on the second page of registration, so that I can be awesome and financially support the camp.
As a Staff member, I want to Schedule a Meeting, so that I can bring the required parties together at a specific date/time to address an issue.
As a moderator, I want to delete a game, so that stories and estimates for this game are no longer stored.
As a site editor, I want to have some flexibility as to where things appear, so that I can accommodate different types of content.
As a participant, I want to be shown all estimates at the same time after all estimators have given their estimate, so that I can be sure estimates are independent and not influenced by other estimates given in the same draw.
As a researcher, I want to export descriptive data in a common format, so that I can use text mining tools on it.
As a Customer, I want to Create a Customer Portal User Account, so that I can log on to the Customer Portal and perform transactions that first require user authentication.
As a member, I want to receive a reminder and a link, so that I can renew my membership.
As a library staff member, I want to quickly correct errors in uploaded metadata, and even uploaded documents, while leaving a record of my revisions (and possibly the reasons behind them), so that I can present correct versions of content and to locate points of error.
As a attendee, I want to be added to a training waitlist, so that so they can be considered for a class.
As a developer, I want to have the site comply with the W3C accessibility guidelines where possible, so that people with accessibility issues can use the application.
As a parent, I want to be able to see a schedule of the activities my children are involved in at camp, so that I can be more informed as to what they are doing at camp.
As a parent, I want to be able to message my child's counselors, so that I can voice my concerns or check on my child's progress.
As a repository support team member, I want to move a collection, so that I can fulfill the collection owner's request.
As a recyclingfacility representative, I want to have access to user stats and schedules, so that I can adjust my hours and/or upgrade equipment and capacity in order to be able to accomodate larger amounts of recyclable materials.
As a DB/IR administrator, I want to have the system recognize/categorize document type (e.g. historical report still published, expired historical report, single topic dataset, broad topic dataset, report with subtopic, computer file), so that report/dataset is processed and displayed properly.
As a researcher, I want to have services to support the long term curation of data, so that I can be sure that data will not get 'lost' with the passage of time.
As a researcher, I want to access digitized archival materials without mediation, so that I can decide what, I want to look at.
As a depositor, I want to have guarantees about data integrity, so that I can use my data in the future and I can fulfil funder requirements for archival.
As a camp administrator, I want to store camper's immediate parent/guardian's information, so that I can easily call to notify them in case a grossly unacceptable behavior.
As a Developer, I want HDF5 integration, so that I can integrate data-packaged data with pipelines that use HDF5.
As a library staff member, I want to upload large batches of items simultaneously, including descriptive metadata, so that I can offer service to authors efficiently.
As a camp worker, I want to be able to see which campers I am in charge of and where, so that I can make sure I am doing my job properly.
As a anonymoususer, I want to view venue details, so that I can get a sense of the location and see the events happening there.
As a Staff member, I want to Send or Post Citations and Fines, so that I can successfully send the Notice Of Violation document to the property owner and log information about the action.
As a anonymoususer, I want to receive a notification when I submit a session, so that know that my session went through ok.
As a user, I want to be able to enter my zip code and get a list of nearby recycling facilities, so that I can determine which ones I should consider.
As a researcher, I want to know about costs, so that I can plan my research.
As a Research Centre Director, I want to receive regular summary reports of research data, so that I understand trends in data use among staff and postgraduate students.
As a library staff member, I want to use content and metadata from the repository in other systems and/or web pages easily, so that I can deliver such content in the manner best fit to the audience or occasion.
As a Staff member, I want to Manage Ordinances, so that I can maintain accurate ordinance information in the System.
As a CST, I want to pay an annual fee, so that my CST status is active.
As a trainer, I want to update one of my existing courses or events, so that it reflects accurate information.
As a Researcher, I want to get a Data Package into LibreOffice/OpenOffice in seconds, so that I can start using the data for doing analysis and visualizations. 
As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
As a fundingbody, I want to be reassured that researchers I fund have robust archival plans for their data, so that I can be sure that funding them is a worthwhile investment.
As a researcher, I want to view thumbnails of photos, so that I can make a selection of which one I want to license.
As a researcher, I want to recruit for the last round of user research, so that we can summarize our findings and synthesize results.
As a researcher, I want to know how long it will take to archive, so that I can plan further steps.
As a site member, I want to have full access to all articles, so that there is a benefit to being a member.
As a data manager, I want to know the time plan for collecting data, so that I can plan the data management.
As a Developer, I want to do exploratory data analysis in R and operationalize that analysis in Python, so that I can use the best tool for the job.
As a Staff member, I want to Capture a Hearing Decision, so that I can enforce the system.
As a participant, I want to be able to see each estimator's prior estimates for the story being estimated, so that I can see how his or her opinion has changed so I can ask questions.
As a faculty data steward, I want to see the sections on roles, so that I can ensure sufficient expertise on data management to support the project.
As a Publisher, I want to be able to preview the views of the current data package using cli prior to publishing, so that that I can refine the json declarations of datapackage view section to achieve a great looking result.
As a researcher, I want to have the ability to attach standard meta data for behavioural observations (and video), so that my data can later be searched for and understood.
As a Staff member, I want to Record an Internal Note, so that I can share information with other Staff collaborating on the record.
As a Publisher, I want to publish a data package where its resource data is stored on my servers but the registry caches a copy of that data, so that that if my data is lost or gets broken I still have a copy people can use.
As a institutional data steward, I want to be able to extract the data sets that are submitted to external repositories, so that I can add them to an institutional data catalogue.
As a stakeholder, I want to know who is responsible for the DMP, so that I can ask them about further details.
As a Consumer, I want to get a sense of the age of the datapackage that I have downloaded before, so that that I can decide if I should update or not.
As a moderator, I want to delete an item from the list of items to be estimated, so that we can remove it and not estimate it.
As a plugin developer, I want to include the code for a dataset type in the plugin artifact, so that when a pipeline using this plugin is created a dataset instance of that type is created and it is explorable and available to apps.
As a trainer, I want to create a new course or event, so that site visitors can see it.
As a data manager, I want to plan the anonymization of data, so that we protect the privacy of the people participating in the research as good as possible and still ensure reusability of data.
As a administrator, I want to refund sponsorship money that was processed via stripe, so that people get their monies back.
As a Bath Data Archive administrator, I want to import Bath data from an external data centre wholesale, so that Bath data holdings in external archives are not lost if they close down.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to create a registration form for both staff and kids, so that I can keep organized.
As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
As a team member, I want to have an updated acquisitions roadmap, so that I can plan accordingly.
As a Cornell faculty member, I want to search the repository and browse through its contents on my phone, so that I can check things on the go.
As a site visitor, I want to have an advanced search option that lets me fill in a form of search criteria, so that I can quickly find what I am looking for.
As a UI designer, I want to move on to round 2 of Homepage edits, so that I can get approvals from leadership.
As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
As a team member, I want to understand what the MVP should look like, so that I can begin understanding workflow needs as they pertain to any CMS decision.
As a PI, I want to record information about my DMP, so that an Ethics Committee can review this for compliance with ethical standards.
As a data manager, I want to clarify the necessary rights for re-using the data, so that it is legal to reuse the data.
As a Researcher, I want to get a Data Package into SPSS in seconds, so that I can start using the data for doing analysis and visualizations. 
As a FABS user, I want to see correct status labels on the Submission Dashboard, so that I can quickly see my submission history.
As a trainer, I want to turn a course into an event or an event into a course, so that I can correctly classify anything that was entered incorrectly.
As a faculty member, I want to add a date delimiter to a search string, so that I can limit a search to return only results from before, after, or between a given date or dates.
As a Developer, I want a jQuery plugin for Core Data Packages, so that I can use it to apply to form control that uses a core dataset for autocompletion. 
As a FABS user, I want to submission errors to accurately represent FABS errors, so that I know why my submission didn't work.
As a Developer, I want to customize an existing wizard for my specific type of data, so that I can give my users a great user experience.
As a trainingcoordinator, I want to have an admin view where all trainee information is shown and can be filtered to show a single training session, so that I can see WTF is happening.
As a data manager, I want to know what the content of the data is, so that I can decide to which collection or repository the data fits.
As a anonymoususer, I want to see a list of all the summits that include when they are, so that I can determine which summit I want to attend.
As a summit coordinator, I want to see a list of attendees signed up for my summit, so that I can communicate with my attendees by email prior to the event.
As a ResearcherGovernment Publisher, I want to add general country names to my dataset that only contains country codes, so that my dataset is more readable. 
As a trainer, I want to be notified about the results of surveys about my classes, so that I can read them.
As a trainee, I want to must accept the cancellation terms with a checkbox, so that they can be accountable..
As a DeveloperWrangler, I want to use a command line tool that allows met to validate data, so that I can feel trust in the validity and usefulness of the data quickly and in the context of my command line workflow. 
As a Publisher, I want to undelete the deleted data packages, so that that the deleted data packages is now visible again.
As a Staff member, I want to Apply a Hold, so that I can prevent progression through the workflow or other actions in the system until the issue is resolved.
As a site member, I want to subscribe to an RSS feed of jobs available, so that I can read them without visiting the site.
As a Developer, I want to get a Data Package into Python in seconds, so that I can start using the data for doing analysis and visualizations. 
As a Civic Tech Activist, I want to make it easy to assess the quality of data stored by the government, so that I can make sure that government is living up to its transparency commitments. 
As a data reuser, I want to access the system in my native language, so that I am not put off reusing University of Bath data by language barriers.
As a moderator, I want to view a transcript of a game, so that I can see the stories and estimates.
As a site editor, I want to edit the content of the email automatically sent to new Certified Scrum Masters and Product Owners, so that I don't need to involve a programmer on simple email edits.
As a Bath Data Archive administrator, I want to query the entire archive , so that I can report on particular aspects of the archive holdings.
As a ResearcherPublisher, I want to publish Data Packages to CKAN, so that my data is findable, and I can have a data API. 
As a Consumer, I want to know full details of how the data package schema has changed, so that that I can adjust my scripts to handle it.
As a Zoning Staff member, I want to Issue the Zoning-Related Permits, so that I can satisfy an Applicant's request for service that has proven to be eligible and in compliance with the Zoning Ordinance.
As a Bath Data Archive administrator, I want to encourage and promote the use of open standards for deposit, so that data is as reusable as possible.
As a data manager, I want to know whether the DMP was approved, so that I can proceed with the required next steps.
As a Researcher, I want to be able to reference a remote-controlled vocabulary for my dataset, so that I can be sure that column of my dataset are valid against a single shard list of terms. 
As a site visitor, I want to subscribe to an RSS feed of upcoming courses and events, so that I am up to day without having to visit the site.
As a Developer, I want to add the updates on a FABS submission to be modified when the publishStatus changes, so that I know when the status of the submission has changed.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to keep camper records from previous years, so that the amount of work I need to do is lowered. 
As a attendee, I want to have a very clear map where the buildings and rooms are, so that I can make it to class on time.
As a Publisher, I want to publish a dataset, so that I can view just the dataset with a few people.
As a depositor, I want to have metadata automatically filled from other University systems and remembered from previous deposits, so that I don't have to waste time reentering the same information.
As a user researcher, I want to begin identifying interview participants, so that I can understand what educators and science influencers need from a future nsf.gov website.
As a user, I want to contact the administrators, so that I can give feedback or ask for help.
As a broker team member, I want to derive FundingAgencyCode, so that the data quality and completeness improves.
As a research evaluation manager, I want to ensure all data are quoted correctly with our affiliation, so that they are counted towards our citation counts.
As a site visitor, I want to read FAQs, so that I can get quick answers.
As a researcher, I want to search by keyword, so that I can learn what already exists digitally and avoid placing additional duplication requests.
As a Broker user, I want to have updated error codes that accurately reflect the logic and provide enough information, so that I can fix my submission.
As a depositor, I want to link datasets to publications in Opus, so that both my data and publications are more easily discovered.
As a researcher, I want to import metadata that I captured with a metadata tool, so that I do not have to capture it again in a DMP.
As a anonymoususer, I want to fill out a user registration form, so that I can register for the camp and get an account on the website.
As a Practitioner, I want to write an article for the site with a small graphic shown with the article showing my CSP or CST status, so that others know my certifications when reading.
As a site admin, I want to edit and delete help wanted ads, so that I can correct small problems or make sure each ad complies with site guidelines.
As a faculty member, I want to access a collection within the repository, so that I can obtain research materials.
As a summit coordinator, I want to list basic information about my summit, so that I can inform potential attendees on why they should attend my summit.
As a donor representative, I want to look at images that have been scanned from my collection, so that so that I can use them in my institutions exhibits, reports etc.
As a superuser, I want to reply to user questions, so that I can answer any questions about my recycling center.
As a moderator, I want to create a new game by entering a name and an optional description, so that I can start inviting estimators.
As a user researcher, I want to test the user research plan, so that I make sure the in-person interviews are effective and capturing the right information.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to remove campers if they don't attend the camp anymore, so that I can keep the records organized.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to notify parents all at once, so that they can be notified of any upcoming events.
