As a camp administrator, I want to be able to keep track of which camper submitted which forms, so that legal issues are avoided.
As a Staff member, I want to Remove a Hold, so that I can allow progression through the workflow or other actions in the system now that the issue has been resolved.
As a ResearcherPublisher, I want to specify the funding that contributed to the creation of a given dataset, so that funding agencies can identify the funding, source for a given dataset.
As a user, I want to see sensible and predictable URLs, so that the application feels logical and transparent.
As a researcher, I want to know when only part of a folder has been digitized, so that I know if I am seeing everything or only a portion.
As a UI designer, I want to move on to round 2 of DABS or FABS landing page edits, so that I can get approvals from leadership.
As a Cornell faculty member, I want to upload a data file and put a CC-By or CC0 license on it, so that my licensing desires are clearly stated.
As a DeveloperPublisher, I want a tool to create an embeddable data summary via iframe, so that I can embed data summaries across sites.
As a Staff member, I want to Assign an Application for Detailed Review, so that I can review the for compliance and subsequently approved or denied.
As a library staff member, I want to preserve both the content and the metadata within the repository in a robust manner, so that I can provide stable, long-term access to this material.
As a researcher, I want to see the sections on costing by other researchers in my department, so that I can see if we could share data manager posts.
As a anonymoususer, I want to see a list of all the summits, so that I can determine which summit I might be interested and able to attend.
As a FABS user, I want to link the SAMPLE FILE on the "What you want  to submit" dialog to point to the correct file, so that I have an accurate reference for my agency submissions.
As a site visitor, I want to know as soon as I visit what on earth Scrum is and why it needs an alliance, so that I don't bounce immediately oﬀ the page.
As a RepositoryManagerResearcher, I want an app that acts as a match-making service for packaging data, so that owners are paired with data packagers.
As a stakeholder, I want to have files adequately described, so that I can successfully render them in my contemporary operating environment.
As a FABS user, I want the language on FABS pages to be appropriate for me, so that I am not confused.
As a site editor, I want to update any course or event, so that I can fix things the original author hasn't.
As a anonymoususer, I want to find out where the coding lounge is and what time it is open, so that I can code with my friends.
As a authenticateduser, I want to Be offered several choices of idividual sponsorship on the second page of registration, so that I can be awesome and financially support the camp.
As a Staff member, I want to Schedule a Meeting, so that I can bring the required parties together at a specific date/time to address an issue.
As a moderator, I want to delete a game, so that stories and estimates for this game are no longer stored.
As a site editor, I want to have some flexibility as to where things appear, so that I can accommodate different types of content.
As a participant, I want to be shown all estimates at the same time after all estimators have given their estimate, so that I can be sure estimates are independent and not influenced by other estimates given in the same draw.
As a researcher, I want to export descriptive data in a common format, so that I can use text mining tools on it.
As a Customer, I want to Create a Customer Portal User Account, so that I can log on to the Customer Portal and perform transactions that first require user authentication.
As a member, I want to receive a reminder and a link, so that I can renew my membership.
As a library staff member, I want to quickly correct errors in uploaded metadata, and even uploaded documents, while leaving a record of my revisions (and possibly the reasons behind them), so that I can present correct versions of content and to locate points of error.
As a attendee, I want to be added to a training waitlist, so that so they can be considered for a class.
As a developer, I want to have the site comply with the W3C accessibility guidelines where possible, so that people with accessibility issues can use the application.
As a parent, I want to be able to see a schedule of the activities my children are involved in at camp, so that I can be more informed as to what they are doing at camp.
As a parent, I want to be able to message my child's counselors, so that I can voice my concerns or check on my child's progress.
As a repository support team member, I want to move a collection, so that I can fulfill the collection owner's request.
As a recyclingfacility representative, I want to have access to user stats and schedules, so that I can adjust my hours and/or upgrade equipment and capacity in order to be able to accomodate larger amounts of recyclable materials.
As a DB/IR administrator, I want to have the system recognize/categorize document type (e.g. historical report still published, expired historical report, single topic dataset, broad topic dataset, report with subtopic, computer file), so that report/dataset is processed and displayed properly.
As a researcher, I want to have services to support the long term curation of data, so that I can be sure that data will not get 'lost' with the passage of time.
As a researcher, I want to access digitized archival materials without mediation, so that I can decide what, I want to look at.
As a depositor, I want to have guarantees about data integrity, so that I can use my data in the future and I can fulfil funder requirements for archival.
As a camp administrator, I want to store camper's immediate parent/guardian's information, so that I can easily call to notify them in case a grossly unacceptable behavior.
As a Developer, I want HDF5 integration, so that I can integrate data-packaged data with pipelines that use HDF5.
As a library staff member, I want to upload large batches of items simultaneously, including descriptive metadata, so that I can offer service to authors efficiently.
As a camp worker, I want to be able to see which campers I am in charge of and where, so that I can make sure I am doing my job properly.
As a anonymoususer, I want to view venue details, so that I can get a sense of the location and see the events happening there.
As a Staff member, I want to Send or Post Citations and Fines, so that I can successfully send the Notice Of Violation document to the property owner and log information about the action.
As a anonymoususer, I want to receive a notification when I submit a session, so that know that my session went through ok.
As a user, I want to be able to enter my zip code and get a list of nearby recycling facilities, so that I can determine which ones I should consider.
As a researcher, I want to know about costs, so that I can plan my research.
As a Research Centre Director, I want to receive regular summary reports of research data, so that I understand trends in data use among staff and postgraduate students.
As a library staff member, I want to use content and metadata from the repository in other systems and/or web pages easily, so that I can deliver such content in the manner best fit to the audience or occasion.
As a Staff member, I want to Manage Ordinances, so that I can maintain accurate ordinance information in the System.
As a CST, I want to pay an annual fee, so that my CST status is active.
As a trainer, I want to update one of my existing courses or events, so that it reflects accurate information.
As a Researcher, I want to get a Data Package into LibreOffice/OpenOffice in seconds, so that I can start using the data for doing analysis and visualizations.
As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
As a fundingbody, I want to be reassured that researchers I fund have robust archival plans for their data, so that I can be sure that funding them is a worthwhile investment.
As a researcher, I want to view thumbnails of photos, so that I can make a selection of which one I want to license.
As a researcher, I want to recruit for the last round of user research, so that we can summarize our findings and synthesize results.
As a researcher, I want to know how long it will take to archive, so that I can plan further steps.
As a site member, I want to have full access to all articles, so that there is a benefit to being a member.
As a data manager, I want to know the time plan for collecting data, so that I can plan the data management.
As a Developer, I want to do exploratory data analysis in R and operationalize that analysis in Python, so that I can use the best tool for the job.
As a Staff member, I want to Capture a Hearing Decision, so that I can enforce the system.
As a participant, I want to be able to see each estimator's prior estimates for the story being estimated, so that I can see how his or her opinion has changed so I can ask questions.
As a faculty data steward, I want to see the sections on roles, so that I can ensure sufficient expertise on data management to support the project.
As a Publisher, I want to be able to preview the views of the current data package using cli prior to publishing, so that that I can refine the json declarations of datapackage view section to achieve a great looking result.
As a researcher, I want to have the ability to attach standard meta data for behavioural observations (and video), so that my data can later be searched for and understood.
As a Staff member, I want to Record an Internal Note, so that I can share information with other Staff collaborating on the record.
As a Publisher, I want to publish a data package where its resource data is stored on my servers but the registry caches a copy of that data, so that that if my data is lost or gets broken I still have a copy people can use.
As a institutional data steward, I want to be able to extract the data sets that are submitted to external repositories, so that I can add them to an institutional data catalogue.
As a stakeholder, I want to know who is responsible for the DMP, so that I can ask them about further details.
As a Consumer, I want to get a sense of the age of the datapackage that I have downloaded before, so that that I can decide if I should update or not.
As a moderator, I want to delete an item from the list of items to be estimated, so that we can remove it and not estimate it.
As a plugin developer, I want to include the code for a dataset type in the plugin artifact, so that when a pipeline using this plugin is created a dataset instance of that type is created and it is explorable and available to apps.
As a trainer, I want to create a new course or event, so that site visitors can see it.
As a data manager, I want to plan the anonymization of data, so that we protect the privacy of the people participating in the research as good as possible and still ensure reusability of data.
As a administrator, I want to refund sponsorship money that was processed via stripe, so that people get their monies back.
As a Bath Data Archive administrator, I want to import Bath data from an external data centre wholesale, so that Bath data holdings in external archives are not lost if they close down.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to create a registration form for both staff and kids, so that I can keep organized.
As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
As a team member, I want to have an updated acquisitions roadmap, so that I can plan accordingly.
As a Cornell faculty member, I want to search the repository and browse through its contents on my phone, so that I can check things on the go.
As a site visitor, I want to have an advanced search option that lets me fill in a form of search criteria, so that I can quickly find what I am looking for.
As a UI designer, I want to move on to round 2 of Homepage edits, so that I can get approvals from leadership.
As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
As a team member, I want to understand what the MVP should look like, so that I can begin understanding workflow needs as they pertain to any CMS decision.
As a PI, I want to record information about my DMP, so that an Ethics Committee can review this for compliance with ethical standards.
As a data manager, I want to clarify the necessary rights for re-using the data, so that it is legal to reuse the data.
As a Researcher, I want to get a Data Package into SPSS in seconds, so that I can start using the data for doing analysis and visualizations.
As a FABS user, I want to see correct status labels on the Submission Dashboard, so that I can quickly see my submission history.
As a trainer, I want to turn a course into an event or an event into a course, so that I can correctly classify anything that was entered incorrectly.
As a faculty member, I want to add a date delimiter to a search string, so that I can limit a search to return only results from before, after, or between a given date or dates.
As a Developer, I want a jQuery plugin for Core Data Packages, so that I can use it to apply to form control that uses a core dataset for autocompletion.
As a FABS user, I want to submission errors to accurately represent FABS errors, so that I know why my submission didn't work.
As a Developer, I want to customize an existing wizard for my specific type of data, so that I can give my users a great user experience.
As a trainingcoordinator, I want to have an admin view where all trainee information is shown and can be filtered to show a single training session, so that I can see WTF is happening.
As a data manager, I want to know what the content of the data is, so that I can decide to which collection or repository the data fits.
As a anonymoususer, I want to see a list of all the summits that include when they are, so that I can determine which summit I want to attend.
As a summit coordinator, I want to see a list of attendees signed up for my summit, so that I can communicate with my attendees by email prior to the event.
As a ResearcherGovernment Publisher, I want to add general country names to my dataset that only contains country codes, so that my dataset is more readable.
As a trainer, I want to be notified about the results of surveys about my classes, so that I can read them.
As a trainee, I want to must accept the cancellation terms with a checkbox, so that they can be accountable..
As a DeveloperWrangler, I want to use a command line tool that allows met to validate data, so that I can feel trust in the validity and usefulness of the data quickly and in the context of my command line workflow.
As a Publisher, I want to undelete the deleted data packages, so that that the deleted data packages is now visible again.
As a Staff member, I want to Apply a Hold, so that I can prevent progression through the workflow or other actions in the system until the issue is resolved.
As a site member, I want to subscribe to an RSS feed of jobs available, so that I can read them without visiting the site.
As a Developer, I want to get a Data Package into Python in seconds, so that I can start using the data for doing analysis and visualizations.
As a Civic Tech Activist, I want to make it easy to assess the quality of data stored by the government, so that I can make sure that government is living up to its transparency commitments.
As a data reuser, I want to access the system in my native language, so that I am not put off reusing University of Bath data by language barriers.
As a moderator, I want to view a transcript of a game, so that I can see the stories and estimates.
As a site editor, I want to edit the content of the email automatically sent to new Certified Scrum Masters and Product Owners, so that I don't need to involve a programmer on simple email edits.
As a Bath Data Archive administrator, I want to query the entire archive , so that I can report on particular aspects of the archive holdings.
As a ResearcherPublisher, I want to publish Data Packages to CKAN, so that my data is findable, and I can have a data API.
As a Consumer, I want to know full details of how the data package schema has changed, so that that I can adjust my scripts to handle it.
As a Zoning Staff member, I want to Issue the Zoning-Related Permits, so that I can satisfy an Applicant's request for service that has proven to be eligible and in compliance with the Zoning Ordinance.
As a Bath Data Archive administrator, I want to encourage and promote the use of open standards for deposit, so that data is as reusable as possible.
As a data manager, I want to know whether the DMP was approved, so that I can proceed with the required next steps.
As a Researcher, I want to be able to reference a remote-controlled vocabulary for my dataset, so that I can be sure that column of my dataset are valid against a single shard list of terms.
As a site visitor, I want to subscribe to an RSS feed of upcoming courses and events, so that I am up to day without having to visit the site.
As a Developer, I want to add the updates on a FABS submission to be modified when the publishStatus changes, so that I know when the status of the submission has changed.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to keep camper records from previous years, so that the amount of work I need to do is lowered.
As a attendee, I want to have a very clear map where the buildings and rooms are, so that I can make it to class on time.
As a Publisher, I want to publish a dataset, so that I can view just the dataset with a few people.
As a depositor, I want to have metadata automatically filled from other University systems and remembered from previous deposits, so that I don't have to waste time reentering the same information.
As a user researcher, I want to begin identifying interview participants, so that I can understand what educators and science influencers need from a future nsf.gov website.
As a user, I want to contact the administrators, so that I can give feedback or ask for help.
As a broker team member, I want to derive FundingAgencyCode, so that the data quality and completeness improves.
As a research evaluation manager, I want to ensure all data are quoted correctly with our affiliation, so that they are counted towards our citation counts.
As a site visitor, I want to read FAQs, so that I can get quick answers.
As a researcher, I want to search by keyword, so that I can learn what already exists digitally and avoid placing additional duplication requests.
As a Broker user, I want to have updated error codes that accurately reflect the logic and provide enough information, so that I can fix my submission.
As a depositor, I want to link datasets to publications in Opus, so that both my data and publications are more easily discovered.
As a researcher, I want to import metadata that I captured with a metadata tool, so that I do not have to capture it again in a DMP.
As a anonymoususer, I want to fill out a user registration form, so that I can register for the camp and get an account on the website.
As a Practitioner, I want to write an article for the site with a small graphic shown with the article showing my CSP or CST status, so that others know my certifications when reading.
As a site admin, I want to edit and delete help wanted ads, so that I can correct small problems or make sure each ad complies with site guidelines.
As a faculty member, I want to access a collection within the repository, so that I can obtain research materials.
As a summit coordinator, I want to list basic information about my summit, so that I can inform potential attendees on why they should attend my summit.
As a donor representative, I want to look at images that have been scanned from my collection, so that so that I can use them in my institutions exhibits, reports etc.
As a superuser, I want to reply to user questions, so that I can answer any questions about my recycling center.
As a moderator, I want to create a new game by entering a name and an optional description, so that I can start inviting estimators.
As a user researcher, I want to test the user research plan, so that I make sure the in-person interviews are effective and capturing the right information.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to remove campers if they don't attend the camp anymore, so that I can keep the records organized.
As a camp administrator, I want to be able to notify parents all at once, so that they can be notified of any upcoming events.
